# CS-330-3D-Scene
For Computational Graphics and Visualization we made a 3D scene with different view styles. 
This project has helped me create in openGL. This is a new tool that I haven't used before so during the process of this course I learned how to do multiple things in openGL but also had to move around some technical difficulties. This has helped me create a 3D reality scene and to add in multiple 3D shapes to create a more robust dynamic 3D shape. I follow a design of my favorite game Zelda and wanted to create the step pyramid from Zelda with the classic bomb on top to open up the entrance to enter the pyramid. I also had to use multiple shapes to create the mini deku trees at the corners of the pyramid. 
I had to learn how to create 2D scenes and use lighting and texture to create them into 3D shapes. I also had to learn how to change the view types and work on how to create multiple controls in order to view a 3D scene in multiple ways and from multiple angles. 
The approach to my 3D scene was a little slow at first I made a box pyramid and got feedback on keeping it to my image i had sent in so i has to get help on how to create the sides of a slanted step pyramid so that took some time. Then putting it together for 4 layers with multiple shapes took awhile as well. The area I really struggled with was the texture. I ran into using an absolute path instead of a relative path so booked some time with my professor to get some feedback and how to on using a relative path. There was still some technical issues after that so ended up getting more help from my professor with my file location not being on my local drive whcih caused issues when pulling the texture files I had submitted. After those issues were fixed I think the project went pretty smoothly and after adding in the lighting is when i felt like my project was really completed and looked good. I definitley still need practice with correcting texture and making sure to use materials for lighting but overall the class went well. 
This class will definitley help me in the future as being a software engineer I will be tasked with a multitude of tasks and need to know a vairety of things. Espeically if clients want to see an animatino of how something will run or work i can now use openGL in my toolbelt to help demonstrate things. I can also use what I've learned for future classes like full stack development since it's the same coding language and it makes it easier to understand the mroe knowledge you have of the language and all the different things you can do with it. 
